Added a note for the email address update ff (#284)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/3_Authentication/6-provision-users-with-okta-scim.md

* Make sure you are an Administrator in your Okta account and have the **Account Admin** permissions in Harness.
* Make sure you have a Harness [API Key](../4_Role-Based-Access-Control/7-add-and-manage-api-keys.md) and a valid Token under it. The API Key must have all permissions on the Users and User Groups.

### Review: Harness Okta SCIM integration

By using Okta as your identity provider, you can efficiently provision and manage users in your Harness Account, Org and Project. Harness' [SCIM](https://www.okta.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-scim/) integration enables Okta to serve as a single identity manager, for adding and removing users, and for provisioning User Groups. This is especially efficient for managing many users.

In exchange for the convenience of Okta-provisioned users and groups, you must configure several aspects of Okta, as described in the following sections. You will also have restrictions on modifying Okta-provisioned users and groups natively within Harness, as described in [Limitations](#limitations).

> #### Features supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Supported features
```

Author: Done

You can edit or delete users from here.

> #### Group push to Harness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Push assigned groups to Harness
```

Author: Done

To provision your application's assigned groups in Harness:

Click **Push Groups** in your application, then select **Push Groups** > **Find Groups by Name.**

![](./static/provision-users-with-okta-scim-15.png)

Search for the group(s) you want to provision.

![](./static/provision-users-with-okta-scim-16.png)

Click **Save**. You can see the status of this Push Group in your application.

![](./static/provision-users-with-okta-scim-17.png)

:::note

> If an error prevents adding, deleting, or updating an individual user to Harness, you must retry provisioning the user in Okta later, after resolving the issues. For more information, see [Troubleshooting Group Push](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-group-push-troubleshoot.htm).

Reviewer: You have to reprovision a user in Okta to delete a user in Harness? That's how I read that sentence. Is that correct?

Author: Updated to "If an error prevents adding, deleting, or updating an individual user to Harness, you must retry provisioning the user later, after resolving the issues. For more information, see [Troubleshooting Group Push](https://help.okta.com/en-us/Content/Topics/users-groups-profiles/usgp-group-push-troubleshoot.htm)."

3. Click the **Profile** tab, then click the **Edit** button.
4. Update the desired attributes, then click **Save**.![](./static/provision-users-with-okta-scim-19.png)

:::note

> Only the five fields listed at the top of this section will be synced to Harness users. You can update values in other fields, but those values will be saved for this user only in Okta. They won't be reflected in Harness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the five fields listed at the top of this section are synced to Harness users. You can update values in other fields, but those values are saved for this user in Okta only and are not updated in Harness.
```

Author: Done
